people with a lot of money and a lot of
free time design a lot of super complex
death escape rooms that just building
them must have cost them a fortune
that's why today on the summarizer
escape room
the movie opens with someone in a room
which from the title of the movie i'm
guessing is an escape room the point is
that he falls through the ceiling
there's like a door but he needs to put
in a code before the wall crushes him he
reads a map that says to follow the
light to the green grabs a green book
that tells him to look at a clock and he
realizes that in the pictures people are
actually ticking the hands of the clock
with those times he enters the code but
it doesn't open and he apparently dies
but to understand this story we have to
go to three days before where we're
going to meet a couple of characters who
are going to end up locked in a bunch of
escape rooms first we meet this girl
named zoe who is the classic student who
doesn't like parties his friend of the
teachers is quite nerdy and keeps
talking about things that nobody
understands really cool actually they
claim your disability of three
univariate polynomials with integers i
don't understand a thing you're saying
then we have jason who sells investments
or something i don't know the point is
he's very successful at his job and his
boss loves him and gives him a lot of
super expensive gifts and finally
there's the guy at the beginning called
ben who is kind of stupid
has a crappy job and when he asks his
boss for a promotion he sends him to go
out and have fun with his friends anyway
the three characters for different
reasons receive a strange cube jason
gets a box in the name of his boss zoe
seems to have gotten it from her teacher
and ben finds it at work with a letter
with his name on it the point is that
this cube is some kind of a riddle so
all the characters set about trying to
open the box in the end i don't know if
they managed to open it but at one point
it comes out a piece of paper and it
says that this voucher is worth a ticket
to an escape room where they can win 10
000 bucks so the three of them go to a
building where we meet the fourth
character of this movie who's called
amanda and starts to realize that
everything is kinda weird because this
guy touches her tits tells her that she
must leave the phone and then says a
weird phrase
thank you for your service
well it's not that weird i'd probably
assume that they just hired a guy who
was a bit stupid i don't know the point
is that in the elevator she meets dany
the classic nerdy guy who specializes in
escape rooms and i don't know how he
could get in with a hidden cell phone
and when they enter the waiting room we
finally meet the last character whose
name is mike and supposedly is there
because his nephew signed him up so
while they wait they talk for a while
telling us things that don't interest us
until at one point amanda wants to go
out for a smoke but she gets locked
inside the room and since dany is super
nerdy and has done about 90 escape rooms
he realized that this is the room that
they are already inside the game and
altogether start looking for the
combination to escape there they find a
book of fahrenheit 451 they try to open
the lock but the temperature of the room
starts to rise they also grab a fire
extinguisher there's a key and with that
they open the lock they realize that the
secretary is a robot and someone calls
them on the phone there they are
welcomed and advised to follow the rules
the blinds are closed even more heaters
are turned on and the room starts to
turn into an oven at one point amanda
starts to feel bad and she has some
burns on her neck as if she had been in
a fire but it doesn't matter for now
because zoe presses something on the
table and that opens a duct for an exit
pressing the cup holders altogether
opens that and they can get out through
the duct so they fill some glasses with
water and with that they all manage to
escape just before the whole room
catches fire oh and before that amanda
has a few flashbacks to when she was in
the war or something but i guess it
doesn't matter much and thank goodness
our characters survived the first room
because otherwise i don't know what they
would have done with the rest of the
super expensive rooms they already had
prepared anyway in the new room amanda
wants to call the police but there's no
signal so she has to find a key to get
out of the cabin then they find another
lock where they need a seven letter word
and while everyone is looking for stuff
ben has a flashback to when he was
driving drunk and crashed into a truck
anyway there are a lot of clues and i
got a little lost but in summary they
get the word to open the lock and manage
to get out of the cabin but it's snowing
outside and on top of that the door
closes the door was wooden anyway and i
suppose they could have gotten in by
breaking the glass windows but that
doesn't matter the point is that it's
really cold and they start looking for a
lot more clues jason finds a lock zoe
finds something that says true north is
a lie then they also get a jacket with a
compass inside and finally a fishing
hole in a rod so with a magnet that
luckily they also found they managed to
fish an ice cube with a key inside and
instead of breaking it with something
they think of using a lighter but when
dany goes to look for it he falls into
the icy water and though they try to
help him they're kinda stupid do nothing
and the best character the movie dies
then they realize that all this is real
and now i don't know why instead of
breaking the ice cube against something
they decide to melt it with their body
heat and while everyone is freezing to
death jason has another flashback to a
time when he was also freezing to death
on top of a sinking ship and this is
explained later in a bunch more
flashbacks but i'm sick of flashbacks so
i'll explain them all together okay
apparently they were all in some sort of
traumatic event amanda in the war jason
on the boat then in the car accident zoe
in a plane crash and lastly mike was in
a mine collapse and they all have the
characteristic that they were the only
survivors of those events anyway they
managed to melt the ice open the door
and just before all the ice breaks they
managed to escape to the next room which
is like an upside down bar and if you
thought a giant oven or an even bigger
freezer was expensive it's because you
didn't see this room which is a giant
elevator in the shape of an inverted bar
with pieces of the floor falling off
there a phone rings a song starts
playing and they find a door with no
handle so they start looking for clues
see that the eight ball is missing and
as pieces of the floor fall off amanda
finds it safe so he puts together a
giant puzzle that i guess must have been
used for something i didn't realize they
put in a morse code they got from some
other clue out there and with that they
get the handle to open the door so that
five of them can get out well not really
five of them because amanda doesn't make
it and finally dies the rest get to
another room that has a lot of hospital
beds and they realize that they are just
like their rooms when they had the
accidents there jason realizes that they
know too much because the jacket in that
room was the same as the one he had when
his boat sank the song that was playing
in the bar was the same as when ben
crashed his car and we also learned that
dany had survived a carbon monoxide leak
where his whole family died at that
moment a tv is turned on and tells them
they have five minutes left mike finds
some x-rays realized that it's sign
language but i don't know why zoe starts
to freak out and break all the cameras
while zoe breaks everything the rest
grab a machine that measures your heart
rate and with that they're going to open
the door and please pay attention to
this plan the idea to activate the
machine is that jason gives an electric
shock to mike to increase his heart rate
and with that open the door
that's a shitty plan and as expected the
idea works like [ __ ] because mike dies
and the door opens with a low heart rate
so jason puts on the sensors starts to
lower the rhythm and with that he
manages to open the door jason and ben
escape but zoe stays there to break
everything because she thinks the exit
is on the other side but she inhales all
the poison and finally zoe dies even
though she had one of these breathing
masks anyway in the fifth room ben
starts accusing jason of killing his
friend in the shipwreck and saying that
the story he told in another flashback
in which his friend went crazy and
decided to swim away was false anyway
this doesn't matter much because jason
accepts that he killed his friend and
the talk ends there because now they
start looking for some clue they open a
hatch but it had a liquid drug on it and
when they touch it it makes them both
start to get dizzy and look for the
antidote ben finds a syringe but it says
only one use then they start to fight
jason breaks his leg and i don't know
how he dies from a hit on his head and
then ben gets the antidote to get out to
the last room which is the one they
showed us at the beginning needing the
combination with the ten numbers in four
spaces still for now they don't show us
more of that because they take us to the
room where zoe died well actually
yes because when two people came in to
clean everything zoe gets up and puts
them both to sleep and the one who
apparently also survives is ben because
he gets inside the fireplace and then
breaks a wall well it's not clear if
it's a mistake of the room or if he
actually won but the point is that a
door opens and ben survives to the last
room and apparently he is the winner
there the game master appears and tells
him what we already knew that he was the
winner of the game and that they are
surprised this stupidest guy won what we
didn't know was that apparently this is
like a sport they created for rich
people to gamble and entertain
themselves anyway ben asks if he can
leave but the guy says no and the final
fight between our characters and this
weird guy takes place
[Music]
he's dead
after killing him i don't know why they
throw the gun the computer shows both of
them as winners and now the game is
finally over later at the hospital the
police talk to zoe they go to the place
of the rooms and when they enter there's
nothing and on top of that since ben had
drugs in his blood they think what any
of us would think drugs
[Music]
and then she realized that this is also
part of the game she starts to freak out
and there's this scene that looks like
straight out of a scary movie look this
that that was a part of the game
i'm not crazy
anyway six months later they get
together to talk and zoe is still
obsessed with this whole escape room
thing and she shows him that all the
bodies of the rest of the main
characters appeared and they pretended
they were drowned died in accidents or
stuff like that and on top of that with
the logo she discovers some coordinates
and to look for them they have to travel
to manhattan the plane starts to fall to
hell the flight attendants find a clue
open the door of the plane and there it
crashes well actually it doesn't crash
because it was an escape room simulator
which they are testing to do on a real
plane for zoe and i hope this time they
stop saving on cheap poison gas but
we're going to see that in escape room
2. that was escape room 1. if you'd like
me to summarize escape room 2 subscribe
and comment the summarizer i would like
you to summarize escape room 2. oh ok
and also leave a like and all that stuff
you already know see you
later go to work okay bye
[Music]